The Joe Rogan experience. I got super high once. I think it was in the tank.
And when it came out, I had this idea that alien life,
if it wanted to communicate with us would come up with a way, a Lego,
a type of language that everyone could understand,
like a language that got right into your brain,
a language that instead of you having to interpret what the sounds mean and turn
them into words. It's some new kind of technology that allow like,
as they're making this sound, as they're putting out this signal,
it's going straight into you and you automatically understand it without
knowing what they're saying without having an actual, Bob said,
you guys should come to the spaceship instead of saying,
you know what it means without having hearing sound like,
you'll have to disassociate the idea of these sounds, meaning these words.
You'll just know what it means. Yeah. Oh, the movie. Yeah. That movie,
they didn't, they do it like visually was.
Like, time doesn't matter. There's no sentences on memes and like.
Right. And it was like, they would spray black ink into the sky. Right.
What did they do for Lang? Let me see what it looked like again. Yeah.
There it goes. They splayed spray black ink and it makes like weird patterns.
And that's how they, um, would communicate. Does that make sense? Yeah.
Have you seen the new the trailer for tenant? Is that what it's called.
For that movie to come out for awhile? The lock down?
I think there's a guy named Ray Kurzweil and he's a brilliant guy who wants
to live to be a thousand years old. And he's got this, um,
series of patents that he's come up with. I mean,
he's really like a legitimately genius guy and I got a chance to interview him
once a way back.
But one of the things that we talked about was he was talking about downloading
consciousness into a computer and they think that there's gonna come a point in
time where you will be terminal,
because you're going to figure out a way to take whoever Alan Makowski is and
put it in a computer and download it. And your material, body,
your physical body, your biological body won't mean anything anymore.
You're going to exist as you inside this,
this computer inside this thing,
I've always thought that that's probably what alien life is.
What alien life is,
is something that has gotten to the point where it doesn't need a physical form
anymore. Like whatever consciousness is,
they figured out a way to contain it and non-biological systems.
So they take whatever you are when you're born. And they,
but then the thing is like, how does that thing replicate?
What are they doing to make it? What are they doing? How,
what are they doing to make sure the power stays on? Like, what are they doing?
I think Cato probably squats.
I think life could be all kinds of shapes.
I think life could be like, there was some speculations.
The scientists were trying to figure out whether or not light could be a life
form. Like there could be forms of life that, or made entirely of light.
Well everything's energy. Right?
I don't know if everything's energy. I don't know. I thought.
I'd throw that out. It makes sense. Really.
Lazy, but like we're made of energy, you know, um.
Of energy, but what,
what do we think of as life we think of as like a frog or like a,
an Allie Makowski or Jamie Vernon. Yeah.
But it's possible that life might be like, I thought about ideas.
Like when you have an idea and then that idea gets in your head, like, man,
I like that idea. And then you, you start working to fulfill that idea.
You build a thing, like maybe you have an idea, like how to build a thing.
And then you build a thing. Like that's a thing that like forced you to make it.
It's like you had an idea that bumped jumped into your brain and then it's like,
listen, you need to make a canoe, like a canoe. How would I make it? You know,
you take a log, you're haul off the set and you roll around inside of it,
just go down the river.
And then all of a sudden this idea that pops into your head and you start doing
all the work.
Now you have a physical thing that literally allowed itself to be born by
getting this idea that invades your consciousness and tricks you into making
things.
Doesn't that make you think that everything's already kind of decided like,
you know, you have free will and control,
but to some extent everything's kind of already what's going to happen is going
to happen.
That's not necessarily true. I think you do have free will,
but I think you also, um, have determinism.
I think this is something that people have argued successfully where you,
you really have to take a step back and go, okay,
what do I think about a person's who a person is right now?
Like if I meet a person and uh,
I meet this woman and she saw up and she lies a lot and she likes to do drugs
and she does know what she's doing with her life. And she cries like, uh, oh,
get your together. Is that what you think? Like how, what,
what do you think when you meet a person like that,
do you take into consideration like, oh,
this is a person who is the granddaughter of alcoholics and it
all boiled down to genetics and terrible.
So all of her systems that came online when she was two and five and six,
they all came online. During alcoholic households,
people were physically abusive and you're hiding in the corner of your bedroom.
And it was all chaos and drink drinking when you're 12,
like when you get to that 35 year old person,
and they've gone through this insane pattern without any intervention, nothing,
nothing switched. How much of their life are they really responsible for?
It's a real question. It's like, who are you?
You are the combination of all the things that have ever happened to you,
your genetics, all the weird that you inherit from your parents.
If you inherited a lot of ideas, they think even from your parents,
not just like learn from them, but actually inherit these ideas.
And then you do the best with what you got.
And some peoples got is terrible.
Yeah. Do you think we're living in a simulation? I'm too dumb.
Same to.
To take that into consideration, but I think it, um,
legitimately weird does, it seems like it changes too much.
Like reality itself changes too much. Yeah.
And things come up that seem like if there was going to be a simulation,
this is how it would go down. Like,
like I remember when I first started reading about simulation theory was right
around the time where a Anthony Wiener got busted for sending
pictures of his deck. I'm like, what are the odds? Yeah. Like that seems like.
It's so on the nose.
If your name was Wiener, you'd avoid showing people, your heart castrate.
Yourself. No more Wiener. But if we're going to.
Come up with one someday, not obviously not you and me,
but someone really smart is going to come up with a simulation.
It's going to eventually get good enough where you can't tell that you're in a
simulation. That's, what's up. What's up. Is it?
If it isn't here, it's coming. Yeah. This took me a long time.
Like I had a conversation with this guy, Nick Bostrom.
Who's a brilliant guy who is a big proponent of
this concept. And he,
he was explaining it through like probability theory.
And that was a little too dumb to understand what he was saying.
But basically what you're saying is if you do, if,
if it's possible that someday someone essentially I'm paraphrasing someday,
we'll have a simulation. Like how, what are the odds that this is simulating?
It's more likely that this is a simulation.
Than not. Yeah.
You just got to pray that whoever's doing the simulation is looking out for you.
The other possibility is that we know the simulations coming.
That's the other possibility. And that's why everybody's freaked out.
Everybody's freaked out because even though it's not here, it's inevitable.
If you follow the pattern of innovation,
if you go from pioneers to people, live in cities,
to cell phones and internet and space force,
and you just keep going.
Eventually you get to a point where someone figures out how to make an
artificial version of life, whether it's Ray Kurzweil's thing,
where it downloads you in your computer,
or there's a thing you sit and connect to. There's some,
someone's going to come up with something.
I know that we were in the simulation when it happens or it would just like ease
into.
It. You don't want that. You want something where it's crazy.
You don't even know you're in it. Like, am I, God, am I in the simulation?
I don't know. That's the best simulation. The best simulation is you.
You have no idea. You're locked completely into it.
So that's where our problem lies.
We don't know if that's actually going on right now. Like for Trump,
if somebody brought Trump aside, like sat, Trump aside said, Mr. Trump,
all of this seems highly unlikely. It doesn't it. Well, here's why. Yeah.
You are in a simulation. This simulation was started 78 years ago.
And this is the pattern that plays out you you're,
you're given a large amount of money to, uh, start your own businesses.
You're going to put your name on everything. You're going to be the best,
the best, the best, but you have crazy hair, but that's okay.
You just spray it down. You're good. You have a few flaws in your life.
People are mad at you though, but you gonna be the best.
You gonna have the best things, the biggest you of the business, you know,
everything's going to be amazing. And then you, you come up to them and like,
you wake them up and you say this, and this seems crazy.
It seems crazy because it is. And, uh, you, uh,
settled upon a very bizarre pattern in your simulation.
And this is how it came out. And everyone else is mad at you,
but they don't understand this. Wasn't your fault. You didn't mean to.
But then you think of all the things that we counted before, like poverty,
abuse, drug, addict, parents,
all the different things that make a person who they are. Right.
Those are really kind of like
factors in. If you had a game,
like if you were playing some sort of a large scale role-playing game,
you're like, what is my character going to be like, oh,
your character is a barbarian. You're in the matrix. That's three showing me.
Describing, like when Morpheus talks to Neo, he was like, Hey, what do you,
what do you think it is?
It's scent. Yeah. It is like that. And it is essentially what it will be. If we,
if we're, we're staying in this human form, essentially,
someone's going to figure out a way to put a helmet on you or put a spike in the
back of your head.
That like locks your central nervous system into this gigantic computer that
starts sending signals to your brain and tricks your brain to thinking it's
riding on a horse through the SA, the Saudi Arabian desert.
It's going to come. It's just whether or not it's here yet. It's going to come.
They're going to keep making things. If we don't blow each other up,
there's going to be a cell phone that lets you, see God you're going to,
you're going like call God. And God's going to be in front of you, hugging you,
giving you love.
Psychedelics were kind of like, yeah, well that could be, we're.
Trying to recreate what we're trying to get to.
It could be like a state that's similar to what exists already in nature.
Like maybe they're interconnected in some sort of a way like maybe someone will
figure out maybe someone who is anti-drug will figure out a way to recreate
psychedelic experiences using only technology that interfaces with your brain
and turns on those chemicals.
[inaudible].